This directory has a bpftrace script that is set up to capture tracepoints I've injected into the up-client-zenoh-cpp source.
Look for the 'TRACE()' macro to find these. The tracing macro is logging the line number, simple function name, and file name with the events.
I've also figured out how to enable uprobe and uretprobe points on functions in the libraries used by the testRpcClient application.
The probe spec in the uprobe and uretprobe's go through a symlink to dig into the overlay directory of the docker container where the app is running.
An example symlink appears here: /var/lib/docker/overlay2/31d321348e9d5bfc656b46d1db68d65c466d464049c87db1b79ca6115aea90e8/merged
Also, the path to the executable is needed to get the tracepoints, and this is currently a hardwared path in the bpftrace script.
Of course, the test app is running in the docker container, as usual. The bpftrace script is running outside the docker container.
If anyone were to want to use this generically, it needs a lot of cleanup.

I am storing a sample capture file called 'xx' in this directory. The file contains capture of the source as it stands in this checkin, that is an attempt
to have the rpc client in the main process contact the rpc server in the child process. This is not working as expected, but I don't have a full
interpretation at this time. I was aiming to try to observe the thread pool get created, but this isn't looking at excepted, but it also does not
have a full interpretation yet.

I've begun to rework a python script to convert the timestamps, and parse the probe names, to ease interpretation. It is a work in progress.

If you want to try to run and/or improve these scripts, note that the docker image already has the sys/sdt.h header required to compile the tracepoints.
However, you need to install a package to get bpftrace in the host OS. I believe this package is just bpftrace.

I would prefer to use the bcc python interface instead of bpftrace for scripts as complex as this, but the version available with this ubuntu release seems to be broken.
